Introduce `Polly.Testing` package (#1394)
App-vNext/Polly: src/Polly.Testing/README.md

# About Polly.Testing

> This package exposes API and utilities that can be used to assert the composition of resilience strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package exposes APIs and utilities that can be used to assert on the composition of resilience strategies.
```
